docs: add main documentation files (#37)
exercism/uiua: docs/RESOURCES.md

# Resources

- The most important resource is the [official documentation][docs]
- For online editing, use the [Uiua Pad][pad]

> - Dive into the sourcecode on Uiua's [GitHub repository][github]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dive into the source code on Uiua's [GitHub repository][github]
```
